[style]
based_on_style = google
column_limit = 80
align_closing_bracket_with_visual_indent = true
allow_multiline_dictionary_keys = true
allow_split_before_default_or_named_assigns = true
arithmetic_precedence_indication = false
blank_line_before_nested_class_or_def = false
blank_line_before_class_docstring = false
coalesce_brackets = false
dedent_closing_brackets = true
each_dict_entry_on_separate_line = true
force_multiline_dict = false
indent_dictionary_value = false
indent_blank_lines = false
indent_closing_brackets = false
spaces_around_power_operator = true
spaces_around_default_or_named_assign = false
spaces_around_dict_delimiters = false
spaces_around_list_delimiters = false
spaces_around_tuple_delimiters = false
spaces_before_comment = 1
space_inside_brackets = false
split_all_comma_separated_values = false
split_before_bitwise_operator = true
split_before_arithmetic_operator = true
split_before_dot = true
split_before_first_argument = true
split_before_logical_operator = true
split_complex_comprehension = true
